Various improvements to Develop a Project (#1990)
astronomer/docs: astro/develop-project.md

:::

## Add utility files

To reference utility files from your DAG code, such as Python scripts and SQL queries, create a folder in `dags` named `utils` and add the files to this folder. If you're running Airflow locally, apply these changes to your environment by refreshing the Airflow UI.

If you're using [DAG-only deploys](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/deploy-code#deploy-dags-only) on Astro, changes to this folder are deployed when you run `astro deploy --dags` and do not require restarting your Deployment. 

## Add plugins 

> Airflow plugins enable custom features in Airflow, such as new pages in the Airflow UI or custom alerting and monitoring tools. To use an Airflow plugin, add your plugin files to the `plugins` folder of your Astro project. See [Airflow plugins](https://docs.astronomer.io/learn/using-airflow-plugins) for examples of creating and using Airflow plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to build a custom view in the Airflow UI or build an application on top of the Airflow metadata database, you can use Airflow plugins. To use an Airflow plugin, add your plugin files to the `plugins` folder of your Astro project. A small number of Astro users need this feature.

To learn more about Airflow plugins and how to build them, see [Airflow Plugins](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/authoring-and-scheduling/plugins.html) in Airflow documentation or the [Airflow plugins](https://docs.astronomer.io/learn/using-airflow-plugins) guide.
```

I think it's ok to explicitly state that most folks don't need this, and frame a "don't worry about it" tone? Also -- these are rare enough that it should be closer to the bottom of the doc

Astronomer recommends using the `airflow_settings.yaml` file so that you don’t have to manually redefine these values in the Airflow UI every time you restart your project. To ensure the security of your data, Astronomer recommends [configuring a secrets backend](secrets-backend.md).

## Add custom data and utilities for testing (Local development only)

Use the `include` folder of your Astro project to store files for testing locally, such as custom operators or test data. These files are not included when you deploy your project to Astro.

> If you're running Airflow locally, apply your changes by refreshing the Airflow UI.

Reviewer: The difference between `/include` and `/utils` is still confusing to me 😞  Should we combine these sections to explicitly define the difference?

What is include for local dev only?

> ### Configure `airflow_settings.yaml` (local development only)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Configure `airflow_settings.yaml` (Local development only)
```

    └── prod.env
```

> ## Advanced configuration

Reviewer: Plugins should be here. Or TBH -- we prob just shouldn't have the `/plugins` folder in the default Astro directory cc: @sunkickr
